chore: update github PR template [INFENG-600] (#9098)
determined-ai/determined: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!---
## PR TITLE (Commit Body)

> When squash-and-merging, copy this directly into the description field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When squash-merging, this will be used as the commit message.
```
Users don't need to copy the text in - it'll already be there.

> Check the "Example Commit Body" for conventional commit semantics.

Reviewer: Maybe include a link to the actual spec, too?
```suggestion
Check the "Example Commit Body" for conventional commit semantics.  For more details, https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary
```

-->
## Ticket
<!---

> A reference to the Jira ticket or Github issue. e.g. "[DET-1234]".

Reviewer: An example of both would likely be useful
```suggestion
A reference to the Jira ticket or Github issue. e.g. "[DET-1234]" or #123.
```

<!---
## PR TITLE (Commit Body)
When squash-and-merging, copy this directly into the description field.

Check the "Example Commit Body" for conventional commit semantics.

> For breaking changes, please lead with "BREAKING CHANGE:".

Reviewer 2: Previously, this "breaking change" part suggested the PR author to call out the breaking changes in the "description" section (which is now apparently called "commentary").

Now this reads as if you're supposed to put "BREAKING CHANGE: " into the PR title which is not the established process.

Author: Good point! I'll move that part to the other section. I can keep "description" as well. It looked to be redundant with commentary.

Reviewer 2: ok, yea, I'd personally keep description and get rid of the optional commentary instead of promoting commentary in place of description because I don't see a point in "swapping" these two.
